[Music]
this is the work of a ni tol an afro
futurist artist known for speaking out
on Liberation struggles but when he
strayed from African politics and
criticized the war in Gaza on social
media Museum folan in Germany canell his
exhibition to us to to encounter the
museum almost wanting um to have your
cake and eat it too something like this
like to want to hire uh people for their
radical politics in one area I.E afro
futurism but then to not really want
that to be expressed in any other way
responding to a request for comment the
museum Fang says this decision was made
because the curator takes sides with the
BDS that's boycott divestment and
sanctions which questions Israel's right
to exist it continues to say it stands
for peace and
dialogue from the MTV Music Awards to
Pal music UK and fashion trust Arabia
globally events are being cancelled in
the wake of the war in Gaza many say out
of respect but some say they're being
silenced last week the lon Gallery in
London postponed Chinese artist iway
Way's exhibition he tells Al jazer it's
because he was vocal about the war in
Gaza saying today's politics seem to be
about everyone avoiding contribution and
evading responsibility the world we
inhabit resembles a Medieval Era the
Frankfurt book fair postponed award
ceremony for Palestinian author adania
shi's book Minor Detail the organizer
lit prom says this was due to the war
started by Hamas under which millions of
people in Israel and Palestine is
suffering and Jewish American Author
Nathan thr saw multiple events in the UK
and the US cancelled for his book tour
of a day in the life of abber salmer
over and over and over again we have
these uh Wars in Gaza and and everybody
when we have these wars calls for a
restoration of calm what is the calm
that everyone is calling for us to
restore that's the reality that is
depicted in my book that shows this is
not a situation of calm when there's not
a war in Gaza at one event th will be
sharing the stage in Houston with us
house representative Rashida T but the
Orthodox Jewish Chamber of Commerce
declared a victory after convincing hton
hotels to cancel it we will not be
intimidated we will not be
silenced and we will not stop until we
save
lives and as Gaza crumbles these writers
artists and politicians say shutting
down debate is not the way forward Laura
Khan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer